# Project License Information

This project is released under a dual-license system. The source code and the
pre-trained models are governed by separate licenses as described below.

## Part 1: Source Code License (MIT License)

All source code in this repository is licensed under the MIT License.

The full text of the MIT License is as follows:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Xiugapurin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Part 2: Pre-trained Model & Checkpoint License (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)

All pre-trained model checkpoints (e.g., files ending in .pth, .pkl), which
are distributed separately via methods such as GitHub Releases, are made
available under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0
International License.

A human-readable summary and the full legal code of this license are available
at the following URL:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/

Under this license, you may NOT use the pre-trained models for commercial purposes.
For inquiries about commercial licensing of the models, please contact the
project owner.
